Refactor HIP porting guide (#3729)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/hip_porting_guide.rst

.. meta::
  :description: This chapter presents how to port CUDA source code to HIP.
  :keywords: AMD, ROCm, HIP, CUDA, porting, port

################################################################################
HIP porting guide
################################################################################

HIP is designed to ease the porting of existing CUDA code into the HIP
environment. This page describes the available tools and provides practical
suggestions on how to port CUDA code and work through common issues.

********************************************************************************
Porting a CUDA Project
********************************************************************************

Mixing HIP and CUDA code results in valid CUDA code. This enables users to
incrementally port CUDA to HIP, and still compile and test the code during the
transition.

The only notable exception is ``hipError_t``, which is not just an alias to
``cudaError_t``. In these cases HIP provides functions to convert between the
error code spaces:

:cpp:func:`hipErrorToCudaError`
:cpp:func:`hipCUDAErrorTohipError`
:cpp:func:`hipCUResultTohipError`

> 

Reviewer: there are two more to add here:
hipErrorToCUResult
hipCUDAErrorTohipError

Reviewer 2: Added

Reviewer: Thanks.

General Tips
================================================================================

* Starting to port on an NVIDIA machine is often the easiest approach, as the code can be tested for functionality and performance even if not fully ported to HIP.
* Once the CUDA code is ported to HIP and is running on the CUDA machine, compile the HIP code for an AMD machine.
* You can handle platform-specific features through conditional compilation or by adding them to the open-source HIP infrastructure.

> * Use the `HIPIFY <https://github.com/ROCm/HIPIFY>`_ tools to automatically convert CUDA code to HIP.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the `HIPIFY tools to automatically convert CUDA code to HIP, as described in the following section.
```

   - Fast Fourier Transfer Library
  *
   - cuSPARSE
   - `hipSPARSE <https://github.com/ROCm/hipSPARSE>`_
   - `rocSPARSE <https://github.com/ROCm/rocSPARSE>`_
   - Sparse BLAS + SPMV
  *
   - cuSOLVER
   - `hipSOLVER <https://github.com/ROCm/hipsolver>`_
   - `rocSOLVER <https://github.com/ROCm/rocsolver>`_
   - Lapack library
  *
   - AmgX
   -
   - `rocALUTION <https://github.com/ROCm/rocalution>`_
   - Sparse iterative solvers and preconditioners with algebraic multigrid
  *
   - Thrust
   -
   - `rocThrust <https://github.com/ROCm/rocThrust>`_
   - C++ parallel algorithms library
  *
   - CUB
   - `hipCUB <https://github.com/ROCm/hipcub>`_
   - `rocPRIM <https://github.com/ROCm/rocPRIM>`_
   - Low Level Optimized Parallel Primitives
  *
   - cuDNN
   -
   - `MIOpen <https://github.com/ROCm/MIOpen>`_
   - Deep learning Solver Library
  *
   - cuRAND
   - `hipRAND <https://github.com/ROCm/hiprand>`_
   - `rocRAND <https://github.com/ROCm/rocrand>`_
   - Random Number Generator Library
  *
   - NCCL
   -
   - `RCCL <https://github.com/ROCm/rccl>`_
   - Communications Primitives Library based on the MPI equivalents
     RCCL is a drop-in replacement for NCCL

> 

Reviewer: EIGEN shouldn't be mentioned any more here?

Reviewer 2: I can't see the mention of EIGEN. Where are we mentioning?

Reviewer: See the to be deleted MD file,
| EIGEN        | EIGEN       | N/A          | C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers,

Reviewer 2: Now I understand. Sent message directly.
